!! SBColors_xos Theme for Openbox by Sasha Bon - masharoom at gmail .com

!! menu title
menu.title.bg: gradient vertical flat 
menu.title.bg.color:  #454649
menu.title.bg.colorTo: #454649

menu.title.text.color: #DFDFDF
menu.title.text.justify: center

menu.separator.color:#353638
menu.border.color: #454649

!! menu items
menu.items.bg: flat solid 
menu.items.bg.color:#454649

menu.items.text.color:#DFDFDF
menu.items.justify: left
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #6E6E6E 
menu.items.active.bg: flat solid
menu.items.active.bg.color: #DFDFDF
menu.items.active.text.color: #353638


!! window title
window.active.title.bg: flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #454649
window.active.title.separator.color: #454649

window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color:  #454649
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #454649

!! window text
window.label.text.justify: center
window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.bg.color: #454649
window.active.label.text.color:#DFDFDF
window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #808080

!! window borders etc
window.active.client.color: #353638
window.inactive.client.color: #353638

window.active.handle.bg:flat solid
window.active.handle.bg.color:#353638
window.active.grip.bg: parentrelative
window.active.grip.bg.color: #353638

window.inactive.handle.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #353638
window.inactive.grip.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #353638

!! window buttons
!!shade
window.active.button.shade.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.shade.unpressed.bg.color: #C080FF
window.active.button.shade.unpressed.image.color: #C080FF

window.active.button.shade.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.shade.pressed.bg.color: #C080FF
window.active.button.shade.pressed.image.color: #C080FF

window.inactive.button.shade.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.shade.pressed.bg.color: #808080
window.inactive.button.shade.pressed.image.color: #808080

window.inactive.button.shade.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.shade.unpressed.bg.color: #808080
window.inactive.button.shade.unpressed.image.color: #808080

window.active.button.shade.toggled.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.shade.toggled.unpressed.bg.color: #C080FF
window.active.button.shade.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #C080FF
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.unpressed.bg.color: #C080FF
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #C080FF

window.active.button.shade.toggled.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.shade.toggled.pressed.bg.color: #C080FF
window.active.button.shade.toggled.pressed.image.color: #C080FF
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.pressed.bg.color: #C080FF
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.pressed.image.color: #C080FF

window.active.button.shade.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.shade.bg.color: #C080FF
window.active.button.shade.image.color: #C080FF
window.inactive.button.shade.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.shade.bg.color: #808080
window.inactive.button.shade.image.color: #808080

!!iconify
window.active.button.iconify.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.iconify.bg.color: #FFE885
window.active.button.iconify.image.color: #FFE885
window.inactive.button.iconify.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.iconify.bg.color: #808080
window.inactive.button.iconify.image.color: #808080

window.active.button.iconify.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.iconify.unpressed.bg.color:#FFE885
window.active.button.iconify.unpressed.image.color: #FFE885

window.active.button.iconify.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.iconify.pressed.bg.color: #FFE885
window.active.button.iconify.pressed.image.color: #FFE885

window.inactive.button.iconify.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.iconify.pressed.bg.color:#FFE885
window.inactive.button.iconify.pressed.image.color:#FFE885

window.inactive.button.iconify.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.iconify.unpressed.bg.color:#808080
window.inactive.button.iconify.unpressed.image.color:#808080

!!max
window.active.button.max.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.max.unpressed.bg.color:#CFFF81
window.active.button.max.unpressed.image.color: #CFFF81

window.active.button.max.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.max.pressed.bg.color: #CFFF81
window.active.button.max.pressed.image.color: #CFFF81

window.inactive.button.max.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.max.pressed.bg.color: #CFFF81
window.inactive.button.max.pressed.image.color: #CFFF81

window.inactive.button.max.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.max.unpressed.bg.color: #808080
window.inactive.button.max.unpressed.image.color: #808080

window.active.button.max.toggled.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.max.toggled.unpressed.bg.color: #CFFF81
window.active.button.max.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #CFFF81
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.unpressed.bg.color: #CFFF81
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #CFFF81

window.active.button.max.toggled.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.max.toggled.pressed.bg.color: #CFFF81
window.active.button.max.toggled.pressed.image.color: #CFFF81
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.pressed.bg.color: #CFFF81
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.pressed.image.color: #CFFF81

window.active.button.max.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.max.bg.color: #CFFF81
window.active.button.max.image.color: #CFFF81
window.inactive.button.max.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.max.image.color: #808080
window.inactive.button.max.bg.color: #808080

!!desk
window.active.button.desk.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.desk.unpressed.bg.color: #80BFFF
window.active.button.desk.unpressed.image.color: #80BFFF

window.active.button.desk.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.desk.pressed.bg.color: #80BFFF
window.active.button.desk.pressed.image.color: #80BFFF

window.inactive.button.desk.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.desk.pressed.bg.color: #80BFFF
window.inactive.button.desk.pressed.image.color: #80BFFF

window.inactive.button.desk.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.desk.unpressed.bg.color: #808080
window.inactive.button.desk.unpressed.image.color: #808080

window.active.button.desk.toggled.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.desk.toggled.unpressed.bg.color: #80BFFF
window.active.button.desk.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #80BFFF
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.unpressed.bg.color: #80BFFF
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #80BFFF

window.active.button.desk.toggled.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.desk.toggled.pressed.bg.color: #80BFFF
window.active.button.desk.toggled.pressed.image.color: #80BFFF
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.pressed.bg.color: #80BFFF
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.pressed.image.color: #80BFFF

window.active.button.desk.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.desk.bg.color: #80BFFF
window.active.button.desk.image.color: #80BFFF
window.inactive.button.desk.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.desk.image.color: #808080
window.inactive.button.desk.bg.color: #808080

!!close
window.active.button.close.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.close.unpressed.bg.color:#FF80AE
window.active.button.close.unpressed.image.color: #FF80AE

window.active.button.close.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.close.pressed.bg.color: #FF80AE
window.active.button.close.pressed.image.color: #FF80AE

window.inactive.button.close.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.close.pressed.bg.color: #FF80AE
window.inactive.button.close.pressed.image.color: #FF80AE

window.inactive.button.close.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.close.unpressed.bg.color: #808080
window.inactive.button.close.unpressed.image.color: #808080

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
window.active.button.iconify.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.iconify.hover.bg.color: #454649
window.active.button.iconify.hover.image.color: #FFE885

window.inactive.button.iconify.hover.bg:parentrelative
window.inactive.button.iconify.hover.bg.color: #454649
window.inactive.button.iconify.hover.image.color: #FFE885
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
window.active.button.shade.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.shade.hover.bg.color: #C080FF
window.active.button.shade.hover.image.color: #C080FF

window.inactive.button.shade.hover.bg:parentrelative
window.inactive.button.shade.hover.bg.color: #C080FF
window.inactive.button.shade.hover.image.color: #C080FF

window.active.button.shade.toggled.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.shade.toggled.hover.bg.color: #C080FF
window.active.button.shade.toggled.hover.image.color: #C080FF
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.hover.bg.color: #C080FF
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.hover.image.color: #C080FF
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
window.active.button.max.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.max.hover.bg.color: #CFFF81
window.active.button.max.hover.image.color: #CFFF81

window.inactive.button.max.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.max.hover.bg.color: #CFFF81
window.inactive.button.max.hover.image.color: #CFFF81

window.active.button.max.toggled.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.max.toggled.hover.bg.color: #CFFF81
window.active.button.max.toggled.hover.image.color: #CFFF81
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.hover.bg.color: #CFFF81
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.hover.image.color: #CFFF81
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
window.active.button.desk.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.desk.hover.bg.color: #80BFFF
window.active.button.desk.hover.image.color: #80BFFF

window.inactive.button.desk.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.desk.hover.bg.color: #80BFFF
window.inactive.button.desk.hover.image.color: #80BFFF

window.active.button.desk.toggled.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.desk.toggled.hover.bg.color: #80BFFF
window.active.button.desk.toggled.hover.image.color: #80BFFF
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.hover.bg.color: #80BFFF
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.hover.image.color: #80BFFF
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
window.active.button.close.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.close.hover.bg.color: #FF80AE
window.active.button.close.hover.image.color: #FF80AE

window.inactive.button.close.hover.bg:parentrelative
window.inactive.button.close.hover.bg.color: #FF80AE
window.inactive.button.close.hover.image.color: #FF80AE
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #454649
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.border.color: #454649
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #454649

window.active.button.disabled.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #454649
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #454649


!! misc settings
border.color: #353638
border.width: 0
padding.width: 5
padding.height: 5
window.handle.width: 2
window.client.padding.width: 2
window.client.padding.height: 0
menu.overlap.x: 0
menu.overlap.y: 0
osd.hilight.bg: flat
osd.hilight.bg.color: #353638
